We get everything set up to get started with the authentications state.
So let's get started by using it in some places of our application.
For example if we go to the core to the or component there we use is offene fairly to check in our template
by the way by directly accessing the office service which can also lead to problems when you're using
ahead of time computation.
Well we'll change it anyways so I will simply add a new service.
I want to inject and that will be my store of course.
So store of type store where stores of course imported from at and are x store so make sure to add these
import and store sales of generic types so I need to import my application Whyte's state by importing
everything as from app from my application wide store.
App reducers file.
So here this will simply hold the state as from app App State.
Does the state we can access in this head are a component.
No just as we set it up in the components where we used it.
Now of course I want to well use it in my application.
For this here ultimately implement on in it which I need to import from ular core.
This requires me to add ngi on it as a method and now add a new property to the header component which
will simply name is authenticated you can of course choose any name you want.
Now this will not be a boolean.
It will be of type observable to be imported from our ex-chief Yes slash observable here.
And observable still is a static type which will eventually yield a Boullion giving us information about
where the user is affiliated or not.
Now an engine in it.
I want to set this up by setting this is authenticated equal to this store select of now off gives me
access to an observable which will eventually give us d of reducers state which if you remember is does
object.
So a token and a FINUCAN it.
So maybe all named is not is a FINUCAN that but of state to be more precise it's more than just he is
a predicate it information.
Therefore of course a boolean is also not correct.
Here we indeed actually get a different value.
We get the state of our off reducer.
So we should import this to as from off here I'll simply reach out to all store of reducers because
keep in mind by selecting the off slice of our state we just get the stage here and that's simply our
all state.
So that type is from all state does is the correct type now which will get eventually.
So let's see.
Off state and we can now use Stilson are a component here for example with NGF by adding all state with
async pipes so that angular will extract it.
And of course on that extract that value then 1 to access authenticated and even get order completion
support your because my ID typescript and angular all together I understand which Sly's up to state.
I am selecting here and I'll copy that information and also use it up here where I want to check the
opposite if I'm not of indicated and use it here where I also want to check if I'm authenticated.
Debt should be all.
Let me save this and see if it works.
No we get an error here that average user has no exported member reducers.
We quickly check this app reducers has exported member reducers but we quickly restart this.
Now it's working again.
Either each test seemed to be broken here for a second or Seelye.
So back to the head or component we are now getting a slice of four states off related state from the
average user in the end.
We store dozens of state property and we use that together with the async pipe to extract that state
once it's there from our state absorbable and use it in the template.
Let's see there's an action if I reload the application we see log in here.
Now it will never change because if I do log in our entry Our state doesn't change.
So this already shows that NCR X is working though because prior to that change it did work.
The missing piece now is to dispatch actions so that we actually help change our of indication sterols
in N G or x.
Once we do authenticate Let's do this next.